Hello,

I am submitting my resume for consideration for the Senior Product
Engineer position (AutoRegId# 18354BR).  The job description
aligns well with my background in control theory and embedded
electronics, and my interests in vehicle control systems.

At Honeywell, I developed yaw damper control laws for Raytheon's
Hawker 4000 aircraft using modern techniques including H-infinity
synthesis, robustness analysis (mu), neural network gain
scheduling, and autocode generation; all using MATLAB/Simulink.
Though I did not work directly with the aircraft's hydraulic
system, I did incorporate models of the hydraulic actuators in
the control analysis and design.  While at Dillon Engineering,
I designed several control and signal processing applications
based on embedded processors and FPGAs.  Afterward, I started
Launchbird Design Systems, Inc. to create and market design tools
for real-time embedded systems.  Currently I work in Medtronic's
Design Automation group where I manage IC design flows and
research new automation technologies for digital processing in
implantable medical devices.

The job description also mentioned computational fluid dynamics.
Though I do not have experience in this field, I have always been
interested in CFD and would like the opportunity to explore this
professionally.

Please contact me to schedule an interview, and thank you for the
consideration.

Sincerely,

Tom Hawkins

952-200-3790
tomahawkins@gmail.com

