Hello,

I am submitting my resume for consideration for the Systems
Engineer position (#80001518).  The job description aligns well
with both my interests in vehicle dynamics as well as my work
habits of staying current on industry developments, teaching
courses to internal staff, participating in technical seminars,
and guiding advanced product development.

My interest in vehicle dynamics started in college with my focus
on control system theory in electrical engineering.  After
graduation, I joined Honeywell's Automatic Flight Control Systems
group, where I had the opportunity to developed flight control
laws based on aircraft dynamics and equations of motion.  Though
I have not had professional experience in vehicle dynamics since I
left Honeywell, I actively pursue projects in my own time.
Currently I am developing a automotive simulator, which features a
simplified two wheel car model, an approximate Pacejka tire model,
variable step 4th order Runge-Kutta numerical integration,
automatic C code generation, OpenGL graphics, and MATLAB M-file
generation for data analysis.

At present, I am employed by Medtronic's Design Automation group
(base salary $95K), where I teach modern methods in IC design and
verification, lead initiatives in system modeling, and, based on
the latest research, develop tools for high-level digital design.

Please contact me to schedule an interview, and thank you for the
consideration.

Sincerely,

Tom Hawkins

952-200-3790
tomahawkins@gmail.com

